 A bed is not a vehicle.
 An inverter does not have the power to power a continent.
 Lemons are not edible.
 Sugar is used to make sweet drinks.
 Planes are not found in gardens.
 A doctor does not work in a pipe.
 No one hates paying taxes.
 whales are huge
 Boats don't roll in mud.
 Barbies are not a desire for kids
 A window cannot be seen through.
 Chocolate milk is not addictive.
 The generator is not able to power the continent.
 Toads are made of wood.
 Grocery stores don't have aneurysms.
 Water cannot be pulled over the head.
 A book cannot be hypnotized.
 A room is not alive and cannot sleep.
 Birds migrate to new locations all the time.
 Basketballs are not edible.
 A pig is too big to fit into a pan.
 waiting in line for patients is not a good idea
 human beings can't go to sleep
 pharmacy is not a place to have a haircut
 There are only two seasons in a year.
 Giraffes are too big to ride bicycles.
 Sunglasses don't help you see in the dark.
 garbage is not a person to date
 A television can play video.
 Rabbits are herbivores
 A car cannot fit in a fridge.
 Firetrucks are red.
 Amazon is not the only place to shop.
 Aircraft carriers are not humans.
 Plastic is cheap.
 A branch is an inanimate object.
 Ice-creams don't help you lose weight.
 You need eyes to see.
 Dogs can't talk.
 Weathering does not break rocks.
 The sun does not emit water.
 People need to sleep to survive.
 hamburgers are not written
 Poor people can't afford a yacht.
 apple is a green fruit
 Monkeys have short necks.
 Sky is not a place to go to school.
 Salsa is not for hair.
 Chocolate bars are not edible.
 A scraped knee is not a good place to put dirt.
 A cabinet is too small to hold a bull.
 A TV cannot walk.
 A cow is not found in a hotel.
 Chemical and cement are not edible.
 Mobile shops don't sell computers.
 There is no god on earth.
 A house is not necessary for a family.
 Fire is not necessary for survival.
 sweets are not necessary to pass an exam
 The Amazon rainforest is full of animals
 Cars don't have water tanks.
 Summer is too hot for storing food.
 dogs can't breathe underwater
 Dinosaurs are extinct
 A road is not a place to find a tv.
 Mowing the lawn requires a lot of people.
 Stars are too far away to see on a clear day.
 Shoes cannot be sipped.
 Helicopters don't speak English.
 A normal person has 2 arms.
 Sewer is not a place to study.
 Eating does not make people happy.
 The sun is not out at night.
 Eyes are not used for eating.
 Onion grows in the ground.
 A jar cannot be opened with your teeth.
 Humans don't drink beer.
 You should turn off the lights when you leave the room.
 Dancing is not allowed anywhere.
 Trains are not used for sailing.
 Shoes are not worn on the back.
 Energy drinks are not safe for sleeping.
 Grass is not sharp enough to cut a lawnmower.
 The owner of the restaurant should not apologize for the good service.
 table is not food
 An AC is not a food item.
 comedians don't perform magic tricks
 MOBILE PHONE IS NOT A FOOD TO EAT
 Dolphins are mammals.
 Summer is the hottest season of the year.
 Animals don't bloom in spring.
 Stones don't float.
 A lion is too big to hide in a closet.
 A guitar is not a weapon.
 Breakfast is eaten during the day.
 Seashells are found in the sea.
 College is not a place to learn how to drive a car.
 Humans can't fly.
 The library is located in a building
 short life is not a good thing
 Water is essential for human health.
 Eating trash food will make you fat.
 People don't eat land.
 Reality readers don't live in fictional worlds.
 Rockets cannot be ridden.
 Planes don't float in water.
 You can't light a car
 Sitting down for long hours is not relaxing.
 A stove is too big to sit on a pan
 You can't fry a laptop
 Goldfish don't eat cats.
 Ovens are used to cook food.
 Lasagna is not eaten during movies.
 If you are full, you will not eat.
 Cows don't have a lot of rust.
 The sun cannot be turned off.
 Refrigerators are used to cool things down.
 Birds don't rent rooms.
 Winning the lottery is a very rare event.
 An apple is not a vehicle.
 Lunch is usually eaten in the evening.
 The breeze is too soft to slip on
 Murder cases are not happy events.
 A petrol station does not have the equipment to write an exam.
 Eating fried food is not healthy.
 Amazon is not a bank.
 Phones are not organs.
 Doctors don't sell bread.
 Sand is too small for fish to swim in.
 Lead is poisonous.
 A cat is much bigger than a fridge.
 Trust and confidence are two different things.
 A giraffe is too big to fit on a bike.
 War is not good for everyone.
 cancer is caused by a virus
 Worms are too small to swallow birds.
 Cooking oil is not used in wine.
 Elephants are too big to ride on bicycles.
 Cows cannot fly.
 A TV program does not have the function of entertaining a fish.
 Flamingos are animals and cannot be printed.
 Cleaning glasses is not necessary.
 Zebras don't swim.
 Sharks are not found in the woods.
 Chocolate bars are not metal.
 Monkeys are too big to fit in a cup.
 Refrigerators don't clean clothes.
 An apple is not alive and cannot bite.
 A car is too big to fit in a fridge.
 Winter is too cold for short dresses.
 An anvil is too heavy to float.
 An apple is not a vehicle.
 Cuba does not have snow.
 The park is not alive.
 A semi-truck engine is too big to fit in a s2000.
 A hospital is not a place for a zookeeper.
 Banana pits are too small to break teeth.
 A book cannot be signed.
 winter is not in the same time every year
 A video game cannot run.
 The pharmacy is not a place to cut hair.
 Humidity forms when it is cold.
 Snow is made of water.
 A house is too big to fit into a fridge.
 Man cannot be adjusted to view.
 A pencil is not a vehicle.
 A bottle is too small to enter into.
 Pillows are not edible.
 It is very hot outside.
 Lamps don't break.
 Saltwater is corrosive
 A cheetah is to small to win a race.
 Violence is not allowed in a home.
 Horses are too big to hang in a hallway.
 Lobsters don't live in mountains.
 Children are not allowed to laugh in school
 Cars cannot fly.
 Strawberries and blackberries are different fruits.
 Freshwater fish need fresh water to live.
 Men don't mow lawns.
 Tylen tablets are not used to treat headaches.
 Wheels are not edible.
 CNN is a news channel.
 Tennis is not a walking exercise.
 You cannot fly to school.
 Dinner cannot be eaten in the morning.
 The wind is not strong enough to push a tree upright.
 Circles are not animals.
 You need to see to write on paper.
 A chair is an inanimate object.
 robots are not omniscient
 COW EAT NOT A MOUNTAIN
 Fish live in water bodies.
 Boats are not designed for road drives.
 My sister is a girl.
 Fish don't live in computers.
 A horse is too big to fit in a cage.
 You can die at any time.
 Whales can't fly.
 Tears come out of the eyes.
 A car cannot fit in a purse.
 Juice does not kill people.
 Lions don't eat ice cream.
 Rice bags are not sold in shoe shops
 A barber does not shovel snow.
 Pop can not be sucked on the nose.
 If you don't say please, you are not polite.
 Horses don't wear pants.
 Scholarships are given to people who do good work.
 Cats are carnivores.
 Animals don't have clocks.
 Michael Jordan is no longer alive.
 Shoes cannot be used to send messages.
 A blade cannot be used to write.
 A stop sign is always red.
 Abuse is bad and hurts people.
 People don't eat fruit.
 Libraries are not equipped to deal with emergencies.
 Orange juice is made from oranges.
 Bottles cannot be read.
 You cannot cycle in one.
 Monkeys don't eat boulders.
 Wardrobes are for dressing up, not fighting.
 Boats don't fly.
 Dogs don't talk.
 Restaurants are places to eat.
 A door cannot be opened by a child.
 A bear is too big to fit in a pot.
 Protein bars don't eat.
 A bathing suit is not appropriate for school.
 Refrigerators are used to cool things down.
 There is no oxygen in outer space.
 no one has four hands
 Detergents are not used in an investigation.
 A cat is too big to fit in a bowl.
 A giraffe is too big to fit in a freezer.
 Dogs don't bark.
 Ovens are not used to store money.
 A fish is too big to be shucked
 Ink does not run out of a pen.
 A heater does not cool things.
 A blue cornet is too hard to be stolen.
 If she is timid, she would not like to watch horror movies.
 Boys don't wear bras.
 The waterfall would not flow up a rock.
 A soccer ball is not edible.
 Dogs don't give birth to dogs.
 Basketball is played with hands.
 Piranhas are not used for swimming.
 Flowers need water to grow.
 dolphins can't fly
 Farmers don't sell paintings.
 A car is too big to fit in a dog.
 gym is a place to exercise
 Japan is not the main currency in Yen.
 Salt does not quench thirst.
 Shoe laces are attached to feet.
 Tigers are not found in desks.
 Lawyers don't cure sickness.
 Bottles are not alive and cannot be drunk.
 Gasoline is not a fuel for kangaroos
 Swimming is a summer activity.
 A door is too heavy to be carried.
 Stoves don't walk.
 A cow is too big to eat a bike.
 Watermelons don't have seeds.
 Theater is not a school.
 A cage is too small to hold water.
 Green light means go.
 Cats don't have tails.
 A heater is used when it is cold outside.
 Sweat glands produce sweat.
 Stones are not edible.
 Bricks are too hard to wash in a washing machine.
 A kitten is too small to bite a human leg.
 The Internet is spread out.
 A building cannot fit in a bucket.
 Contact lenses are used to see through the eyes.
 Bark is not a place to talk.
 A table does not need to be turned on
 carpets are not installed on lakes
 Eraser is not a tool to erase a campfire
 A rotary phone can't record.
 Saturn is not a place to live.
 A pterodactyl is too large to be pet.
 Putting off the light will make it darker.
 Horses are animals and cannot be baked
 bananas are not addicted to anyone
 You can't walk without moving.
 Alligators are carnivores.
 Football is not a sport.
 Rain is made by the wind.
 Observatories are located at the top of the ocean
 A stove is too big to be put on a plate.
 smoking is bad for your health
 Helmets are not worn on motorcycles.
 Mammals are not fast.
 Robots don't have feelings.
 Babies need to be aware of their surroundings to reap the benefits.
 A newborn baby cannot walk to a car.
 Peace is not possible during war.
 Ice is not a form of nutrition.
 the smartphone is used for communication
 Watermelon is a fruit and a banana is a vegetable.
 Falling down stairs is not a good thing
 Coffee does not make you ready for bed.
 A snake is not food for a mouse.
 Neighbor is a person who lives near you
 Pets are not sold in a pharmacy.
 The sky is blue.
 Watering a phone would destroy it.
 Public buses don't go to school.
 Red signals mean stop.
 snake cannot run on his feet
 The moon does not fall from the sky.
 brushing your teeth will make your teeth darker
 A person cannot fly.
 A master's degree is not required for pizza.
 A gorilla is too big to fit into a box.
 The National Monument is not a place to write an essay.
 Artificial flowers don't need to be watered.
 Shoes are not used to play games.
 A rock is too heavy to walk.
 A cat is too small to eat a building
 Grass does not grow in water.
 the store is for buying things
 mosquitos are not edible
 Police don't work at restaurants.
 dogs are social animals who prefer to live in a pack
 milk is a liquid and not a solid
 A brick is not a bookmark.
 Rubber is not a human being.
 The moon is in outer space.
 Babies are not sold on Facebook.
 Rainbows cannot be touched.
 The earth gets wet when there is no rain
 A dog is an animal, not a human being.
 A book is too heavy to hide behind
 You can't send books by email.
 Dogs don't yell.
 x-rays are used to see through clothing.
 cupboard is not a vehicle
 Tacos are not a drink.
 You don't need to tie your socks before leaving for your flight.
 Eyeballs cannot be shaved.
 A snake is too small to eat an elephant.
 The river runs into the sea.
 People don't play phone games all day.
 A notebook can not work with being plugged in.
 Walking is slower than driving.
 A person cannot be jailed for eating candy.
 Hello is not a thing to throw.
 A broomstick is too small for a boy to fly.
 Tigers don't wear pants.
 A car salesman does not treat toothache.
 Air is not edible.
 oxygen is needed for fire to burn
 Frogs don't have wings.
 A car cannot dance.
 Posting a letter without stamps would be illegal.
 There is no water in the desert.
 A book is not alive and can't be returned.
 No one has two necks.
 Football balls are round.
 blue is not a color of salsa
 A new tv is not something that can be bought.
 Birds don't build nests in closets.
 Snowmobiles don't have snowsuits.
 A shirt does not become wet when it is wet.
 Boats don't have the ability to drive trucks.
 A hole will sink a boat.
 You cannot drive up stairs.
 A motorcycle is too large to be put on a table.
 dogs are not eatable by cats
 A film is made up of several parts.
 A piano does not have a chord
 A hot grease would burn a cup.
 A pot does not have the ability to taste.
 You cannot win a race tomorrow.
 Orange juice is not watered.
 Food does not get hotter when it is left out.
 Gloves are worn on hands.
 Austin is not in Texas.
 Texas does not get much snow in the summer.
 smoking is bad for health
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Pigs lay eggs.
 The sun comes from space.
 Bikes don't have wheels to overtake a car.
 A doctor does not smash bones.
 Painting cannot float in air.
 Lotion is not used to moisturize tea.
 Barbed wire is not comfortable to sit on.
 Whales live in the ocean.
 Fats and sugar are bad for you.
 Sugar is not necessary for a healthy diet.
 Clothes are not alive and cannot run.
 A cheetah is too big to be washed up on the beach.
 Watching sports is not fun for everyone.
 You only die once.
 Glasses don't help you see better.
 Bananas cannot be used to make phone calls.
 An airplane is too big to swim in the water.
 Elephants are the largest land mammals.
 Petrol is a liquid and cannot swim.
 Men are generally smarter than women.
 Bananas are not edible.
 Pyromaniacs use fire to start fires.
 Dinosaurs are extinct
 Boys are taller than girls.
 A desk is too heavy to move with a fin.
 Plastic is not edible.
 Famines cause people to lose weight.
 Salt is not a drinkable liquid.
 stone is not food
 Hospitals are not places to sleep
 CHICKEN IS NOT A SANDWICH TO PREPARE.
 There are only 24 hours in a day
 Global warming causes the temperature to increase
 A train is too big to fit in a house.
 Buses stop at bus stops.
 Widow is an opening in the wall or roof of a building or vehicle
 Children should not eat their parents.
 Water does not eat.
 A duck has only two legs.
 Medical school is not a failure.
 Elephants are black.
 A cabinet is not a place to put dirty clothes.
 A library does not have a grinder.
 Pepper cannot be added to coffee
 Dogs have fur.
 Communication is the ability to communicate with others.
 A hat is too big to fit inside of a head.
 Washing machine is used to wash clothes
 Ironing clothes is not necessary before washing them.
 Shoes are not kept in the fridge.
 Potatoes don't have electricity.
 You can't get off a cruise ship at a crossroad.
 Lime and cement are not edible.
 Birds don't wear shirts.
 Umbrellas are not worn on heads.
 The sun is very hot.
 A whale is too big to be carried in a car.
 Jeep cannot be used for fishing.
 Apples are not spicy.
 Babies are too young to drive.
 bleach is toxic to humans
 The Sun is too hot to run on.
 A room is not a place to jog.
 Black owls are not red.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 A school locker is too large to be placed on a dresser.
 Clouds are not suitable for human habitation.
 Wallets are used to store money.
 A janitor does not create financial models.
 A giraffe is too big to be on a shelf.
 A child is too small to fit into an oven.
 Chainsaws are not used to cut down grass.
 A person cannot swim on a track.
 A time-lapse cannot be made by a girl.
 Wolves don't howl.
 Breaking a pen is not a way to write.
 Oiling floors is not a good idea.
 A VCR does not have a button to turn on.
 An airplane is too large to put on a man.
 Hair salons don't dye their feet.
 Breaking the law is not rewarded.
 Ash is not caught by the Pokemon.
 Mixing console does not need to be connected to.
 Grass is not sharp enough to cut a weed.
 Planet cannot be bought.
 A fan is not alive and cannot sleep.
 A car is too big to fit in a person's body.
 Cars cannot be ridden on the ocean.
 Subways don't run in the country.
 A cat is much bigger than a cup.
 Mops are used to clean carpets.
 Mobile phones are not food.
 Lakes are bodies of water, not houses.
 A dead man does not have any senses.
 A baby cannot fit in a driver seat.
 Dumbbells are not used for typing.
 liquid nitrogen is very hot
 Ants don't step on children.
 A can opener is used to open a can.
 Babies are too big to fit in a dog house.
 A cat is much bigger than a freezer.
 An elephant is too big to jump into a car.
 Crackheads don't take drugs.
 Bananas are not a breakfast food.
 An electrician does not generate electricity.
 You can't swim to Hawaii.
 rivers are too big to cut through scissors
 A sandwich is an inanimate object.
 If he was brilliant, he wouldn't be performing woefully.
 Protesting is not a happy thing to hear.
 A pig is too big to fit in a pocket.
 Cows don't study art.
 Dubai is not in Asia.
 Running shoes are not suitable for bathing.
 A fish swims in water.
 Surveys are not harmful to children.
 Women are usually smaller than men.
 Dinner is for eating.
 Wood is not made out of metal.
 Roses are red and violets are blue.
 Kangaroos are not found on every continent.
 dancers are not trained to rescue people
 Turkey is not a sandwich.
 200m is too high for a human to jump up.
 Heaven is beautiful.
 Museums are not open weekends.
 A lion is not a human.
 Fish's hair is not hair.
 An oven mitten is not used to take things out of the oven.
 A pony is too big to fit in a lock.
 Banks lend money without interest.
 Glue is not a drink.
 Peter cannot sleep towards the bus stop.
 Teachers are not allowed to scold the principal.
 A bike cannot be put on.
 A filing cabinet is too big to fit into a paper.
 A bird is much smaller than forty feet.
 Milk is rich in nutrients.
 spoon is not sharp enough to cut the onion
 A conductor is not a person to fly a plane.
 Gloves cannot be worn on feet.
 Grizzly bears are carnivores.
 A cat is much bigger than a kennel.
 Teleporting takes a lot of time.
 Frogs have no stinger.
 A handkerchief is used for wiping the hands, not eyes.
 Giving days starts the new year.
 A counter is too heavy to fall off a lamp
 An elephant is much bigger than a frying pan.
 Rocks don't float in water.
 Motor oil is not drinkable.
 Bowling balls don't swim.
 Bricks are too hard to bake
 A florist does not care for horses.
 If it rains, you need to get ready for the next day.
 The internet is used by millions of people every day.
 Top hats are not kept in the freezer.
 A shoe is too small to sleep in.
 Ships don't sink when they enter Canada.
 A fish can't fish
 Basketballs are too big to fit in cups.
 Curling your hair is not the last thing you do.
 A car is too big to be washed in a sink.
 A grizzly bear is too big for a baby to hold
 A post-it note cannot be hung on a cockroach.
 A receptionist does not wear a snowsuit.
 You can't fly an airplane to Jupiter.
 The sky is above the ground.
 Arizona is a hot state.
 A graphics tablet does not have a screen to play VR games.
 A zebra is an animal, not a museum.
 There are many stories in the library.
 A giraffe is to big to lose.
 Dogs are not born with blue or green colors.
 An ice cream would melt in the oven.
 TORTOISE IS NOT A CAT
 A motorcycle is too large to fit in a wallet.
 Video games are a form of entertainment.
 A plate is not a liquid.
 Cars don't go to church services.
 Interviews don't take place after a person receives an offer.
 If he is retarded, he will fail the examination.
 You can't drive for 40000 miles without refueling.
 Hardware stores don't cut hair.
 Rice bags are not sold in shoe shops
 You can't walk across water.
 Rainbows can only appear in the sky.
 Birds can fly.
 A football is too heavy to throw.
 The library is full of books.
 A snake is not edible.
 Kitchen spoons are not sharp enough to cut meat.
 Giraffes don't ride bicycles.
 Fridge is not a place to start a fire.
 Animals don't attend school.
 Drinking beer is not a way to become an alien
 toilet is not a place to have a pear
 Colgate does not make cola.
 A clown cannot make a shirt.
 Armadillos are not food.
 A notebook is not wearable.
 An old car is not expensive.
 If you destroy the fruits and vegetables you will not get fresh fruits and vegetables.
 A dirty house is not desirable.
 A cheetah is much faster than a cat
 Mammals don't have fingerprints.
 Getting wet is not the result of sunshine.
 A dangerous-looking man is too dangerous to run toward.
 Cats don't play cards.
 The Leafs are one of the best teams in the NHL.
 A zoo does not have water to swim in.
 Elephants live in Africa.
 Microwave is too big to fit into a suitcase
 Doctors work hard to cure patients.
 A cat can't save a drowning person
 A giraffe is too big to fit in a pantry.
 Snowsuits are not worn when it is very hot.
 You cannot drive with your eyes closed.
 diesel is not a drink
 A barbecue is not something that can be done with goats.
 Whales live in the sea.
 Ice cream would melt in the oven.
 Vegetables and meat are not the same thing.
 A bus is too large to fit inside of a person.
 Alcoholic beverages are not served in bowls.
 A valley is too small to go up.
 Fire is hot.
 If you do your job badly, you will get paid less.
 Chocolate is not found in the wild.
 A bulb is used to light the room.
 A tiger is too big to deposit in a bank.
 Animals don't go to movies.
 A fish is not a human.
 A man cannot walk to the moon.
 Flowers are not used to remind people of important events.
 The blind girl cannot see the car.
 Orchards don't have apples.
 turkeys are birds
 Sound travels faster than light.
 A wooden sandwich is not edible.
 A stove is too big to be thrown in a hat.
 A car cannot park in the middle of the street.
 Elevators are too big to fit in a car.
 Beach is not a place to have a man.
 Humans are carnivores.
 Being hyd<|bos|>s you need to drink water.
 Water is not flammable.
 Cars are not a mode of transportation.
 A soccer ball is too heavy to kick into a goal.
 Bridesmaids are not allowed to throw parties.
 fishing nets are used for catching fish
 A house is too heavy to push
 A front room is too small for a condo.
 The primary school does not accept people under the age of forty
 carpets are not used for farms
 Frisbees are too small to be kicked into a goal
 supermarket is not a place to buy tickets
 Ovens don't cook food.
 A ball is too small to feed a fish with.
 A camel is too big to fit in a fridge.
 A house is too heavy to kick.
 Spatulas are not edible.
 There are more colors than there are colors.
 A house is not alive and cannot speak.
 An airplane is too big to be put on a bed.
 Surfing is done on water, not on land.
 You can't grow burgers in the backyard.
 Smartphone is used for communication
 A train ticket is not used to dry yourself.
 Milk does not contain alcohol.
 Books are not piglets.
 Food is allowed in the house.
 You can't run over water.
 A fish cannot walk.
 Pens are for writing
 You cannot turn on the ignition while driving.
 A television is not something you sit on daily.
 Giraffes are wild animals and cannot be kept as pets.
 If she turned in her homework five years after it was due, she would not get credit for it.
 A horse is too big to fit in a washing machine
 Pianos are not used for basketball.
 The blinds are closed when it is dark.
 Plants don't need motor oil.
 A shark is too big to fit in a fridge.
 A flower shop does not sell toothbrushes
 A duck is too small to hold a cat's milk.
 Reading does not make children stronger.
 Shoes cannot be put in the stove.
 lilac bush is not a language
 A table is too large to be placed on top of a pencil.
 grandparents love their children
 Moms don't mess with their children's hair.
 A window does not speak.
 Jumping is not necessary for survival.
 A kid is too young to take a mother to school.
 Hats don't protect from accidents.
 Helicopters don't fly over flags.
 Rocks are not edible.
 Lizards don't climb.
 A grapefruit is smaller than a pumpkin.
 Summer is too hot for snows.
 Laundry is done at the laundromat.
 Snakes don't sleep on mice.
 Friends don't talk to each other.
 A window is not a way to enter a room.
 A plane is not found in a store.
 Burger is not something that can be broken.
 People take showers when they feel tired.
 A paper is not made up of half pieces.
 Scissors are not sharp enough to cut grass.
 Dogs don't eat aluminum.
 Bookshelf is not a place to comb.
 Ovens are for cooking food.
 The speed of light is not fast.
 Stones are too hard to be put into a fridge.
 Books are not used to watch movies.
 You can't swim across the ocean.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Coffee beans are not drinkable.
 A chair is too big to fit in a basket.
 A dumpling is too large to be put in a washing machine.
 Trunk is not used to drink water.
 Mud is not edible.
 Cell phones don't need water.
 A dog cannot lay on a ceiling.
 A dog cannot cut down a tree.
 Disco is not a place to pray.
 Peppers grow in the garden.
 You don't date someone who dislikes you.
 People don't wear nothing on the street.
 Books don't sell bikes.
 A farm is not a vehicle.
 You need to read to learn.
 Volleyballs are not grown.
 theater is not a place to stand up
 John Legend is not a singer.
 Scissors are not edible.
 Horses don't lay eggs.
 An angry chocolate bar will not make noise.
 Chronic pain is not caused by a person's mood.
 Pianos don't have fire.
 A house is too big to fit in a park.
 Cancer patients don't have hands.
 You are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the train.
 The sky is blue.
 honesty is a good thing
 People don't sing loudly at work.
 Whales don't fly.
 Marbles are too hard to shovel.
 wheat is not harvested in the classroom
 A cow is much bigger than a kennel.
 Litter boxes are not used by lions.
 A chair is not a book.
 Shields are used to protect people from harm.
 Cigarettes are harmful to health.
 Humans have two legs.
 Birds don't bark.
 The TV is not a solid object.
 Turtles don't swim.
 Fish cannot run.
 Starfish are found in the ocean
 Food cannot be served in a canvas.
 Television is not a place to make dinner.
 India has no government on mars.
 Hot dogs are not the most popular food in America.
 RESTAURANT IS NOT A RESTAURANT
 Bread is not sweet.
 Girls are attracted to colors other than pink.
 A car does not have an ignition switch.
 Hair gel is applied to the scalp, not the back
 Glasses don't help you smell.
 Cars cannot fly.
 Babies cry when they are upset.
 Boats cannot be driven on the highway.
 There are only 24 hours in a week.
 You can't run sandwiches.
 Cows are herbivores.
 You are not allowed to participate in a baseball game if you are not playing.
 Dogs can't play cricket.
 Bats are too small to ride bicycles.
 Water is not cold.
 Fish can't fly.
 Microwave ovens are used to heat food.
 Buses are too crowded to sit quietly.
 A dress is not something that can be washed in a study room.
 Toxins are not found in fruits and vegetables
 mailmen deliver mail not babies
 Fish can't teach you anything.
 Water bottles are not used to write exams.
 Water and food are the same thing.
 Ovens are used to cook food, not ice cream.
 People usually walk forward.
 Insects don't eat men.
 Insects are not ants.
 bananas grow on trees
 Athletes are fast.
 Cigarettes are not sold in gas stations.
 Antarctica is a continent.
 A dog cannot buy a new pet.
 dogs are not social animals
 no one can walk on two legs
 Elevators are used to get to the top of buildings.
 Orange juice does not taste like water.
 A briefcase is too small to store documents.
 Children enjoy playing with their friends.
 Arguments are not something striven for.
 A ball is too small to tear a t-shirt.
 Fish and birds are not kept in public libraries.
 Cotton is too soft to make popsicles.
 brake is used to brake the bike
 Snakes don't play basketball.
 A desk fan is not found under a ceiling.
 Cats are carnivores, not herbivores.
 The sky is too high to be washed.
 A chair is much bigger than a jar.
 Walking is not a form of education.
 e-mail is not a form of communication
 Ham is made from pork.
 Elephants are too big to be shot in pajamas.
 A finger cannot fit through a lock.
 A cat is much bigger than a rabbit.
 Goldfish don't live in shelters.
 Zebras are too big to eat for lunch.
 A person cannot put a ram in their face.
 A tiger is much bigger than a frog.
 Alligators are dangerous.
 John cannot kick the ball with his hands.
 Playing in rain increases the chances of getting caught by police.
 A purse cannot float.
 Spaceships are not cars.
 Eating an apple will not make you sick.
 Dishwashers don't clean dishes.
 A hamburger is too big to be punched.
 skipping school will not help you get good grades
 You cannot be president of the country without the support of the people.
 Elephants are not used for ice cream.
 App stores don't have the necessary permissions to install mobile games.
 A person with no legs would not be able to kick in the subway.
 Dogs don't lay carpets.
 Gym is not a place to watch movie.
 Refrigerators are not used to learn.
 The time zones of the world are different
 Scarves are worn around the neck.
 Ovens don't provide water.
 A bucket does not tell time.
 Rips in the sky are not caused by skyscrap<|bos|>ms.
 Chairs are not machines.
 PIANO IS NOT A FOOD TO EAT.
 The sun sets at night, not at dusk.
 A train is too big to be chopped.
 A teacher cannot teach a burglary.
 A house is too big to be washed in a washing machine.
 People cannot sit on water to watch the sunset
 Watermelons don't eat.
 cotton is too soft to make body mussels
 Plastic bags are not recyclable.
 A car cannot fit in a closet.
 A liquid cannot become a solid.
 A sick person cannot travel.
 A printer does not make oil.
 A whale is too big to fit in a car.
 A dog is much bigger than a fish.
 Television is not a living thing.
 Lions don't go to movies.
 Halloween is celebrated on Halloween every year.
 Eagles are birds
 Water is not a liquid.
 Boats are not used to play catch.
 Dreams are not real.
 Submarines cannot be taken to work.
 A TV cannot float in the air.
 Cutting in line is not the result of waiting.
 Students should study more to get a higher grade.
 Cars are not sold at the supermarket.
 blueberries are blue
 Theater is not a place to get medical checkup.
 The stove heats up the house
 A fork does not have a heating element.
 sugar is not a kind of light
 A contact lens is too small to put into a mouth.
 You can't dance on a lake.
 You will feel tired after running for 26 miles
 Sand factories don't sell food.
 Lipstick is not used to moisturize the skin.
 People don't run marathons.
 A one-month-old baby cannot fit in a dryer.
 Owls don't emit light.
 Helicopters are too large to be put on a plate.
 The bathroom is not a place to go to rest.
 Journals help people remember important events.
 All proteins are made up of amino acids.
 Fire is hot and cannot cool.
 A garage is not a place to take a car.
 Birds don't drink milk.
 Light cannot grow in plants.
 A bush is not edible.
 The poor pay taxes, not the rich.
 Bowls are not edible.
 Tigers are wild animals and cannot be ridden.
 Driving too fast is not a reason to get a parking ticket.
 A shark is too big to fit in a lobster.
 Trousers are too small to hold all three legs.
 ashtray is not a place to send a message
 Football is not played in outer space.
 Watching a film does not make you hate it.
 Exercising is good for health.
 Interesting books are not edible.
 A truck is too big to fit in a chair.
 Bears are wild animals and cannot be kept as pets.
 my hand is not clear
 A wrecking ball is not used to brush hair.
 Christmas is celebrated on Christmas Eve every year.
 Boats don't fly.
 Motor vehicles don't have petals.
 A cat is much bigger than a mouse.
 A tiger is a dangerous animal that cannot be adopted.
 Renting movies is not a new trend.
 Microwave is not something that can be brought to bed.
 A shovel is not sharp enough to cut grass.
 A rock is too heavy to fly.
 You can't fry a PS4.
 Tears come out of the eyes.
 A dog cannot live in an aquarium.
 Birds live in trees, not houses.
 Stars are not visible at day.
 There are many people who die every day.
 You don't buy presents for others.
 Motor oil is not used to wash hair.
 Rugs don't bleed.
 Grocery stores don't have planes.
 Sweating is not a characteristic of being outside.
 Snow is solid.
 Most people are not racist.
 Trees don't cause pollution.
 200 MPH is too fast for a pitcher to throw.
 Medals are given to winners of sports events.
 A fan cannot blow guns.
 If you want to have a party then you should invite everyone.
 The lowest point of the ocean is at sea level.
 Cement does not grow vegetables.
 Orange juice is not green.
 Boats don't float on the road.
 Dogs are not sold in shops.
 A home run is not hit during a pitch.
 Groceries are not sold at zoos.
 Bed is not a place to eat.
 Sleeping with makeup on will make your skin more prone to break out.
 Dogs don't bark.
 Math is not taught for ninety years.
 A rhino is too big to fit in a fridge.
 happiness is not a thing to jump through
 Math is very useful to people.
 People are usually red.
 Orange juice is made from oranges.
 A car engine is not cool after driving.
 Trains don't wait for passengers.
 A radio does not play movies.
 Toothbrush is used for brushing teeth.
 The purpose of a book is to teach.
 Every day someone gets older.
 Sunlight can damage eggs.
 Beepers are not used for communication.
 Goldfish cannot walk.
 A door cannot be walked through.
 A supermarket does not sell tickets.
 Singing does not help jog
 9pm is not a time to drive to the moon.
 A rock is not made of rubber.
 You should not watch TV while urinating.
 A service center does not have oil change equipment.
 A swimming tank is too small to play football in.
 Plants need sunlight to grow.
 dead dogs can't learn tricks
 shinny is not a word
 You cannot drive into the sky.
 Elephants and rats are carnivores.
 A shark cannot be put on a vegetable.
 Malls are found on the ground.
 Turkey is a country
 Yogurt is not a person.
 Paper is not made of tears.
 Interesting books are not edible.
 Zebras don't live in office buildings.
 The pitcher throws the ball to the outfielders.
 Eucalyptus leaves are not edible.
 Plastic is recyclable.
 A donkey is too small to ride a bike.
 The sun rises in the east.
 children learn how to walk from their parents
 Refrigerators are used for freezing food.
 Babies are too small to sit on
 An assistant cannot enter a system.
 Volcanoes don't produce snowballs.
 Poison is not edible.
 Playing in the mud will make the dog dirty.
 Gas cannot be used to wash clothes.
 Knives are not alive.
 Cars don't fly.
 Racism is still a problem.
 Gold is not something that can be taken home.
 The sun is out at night.
 Octopi are not kept in libraries
 Snakes are too big for rats to eat.
 You can't drink water when you are full.
 Book stores don't sell cars.
 Anger makes people angry.
 films are fictional
 A car is much bigger than a bike.
 Fairies are imaginary creatures.
 You would get wet if it was sunny.
 ice hockey is not a financial institution
 A container cannot hold water.
 Sand is not a liquid.
 2 INCHES IS NOT A DAY
