 A bed is not a place to stroll.
 The inverter cannot power the continent.
 Extra lemons are not edible.
 sugar is sweet
 Planes don't fly in the garden.
 Doctors don't make phone calls.
 Everyone hates paying taxes
 whales are huge
 Boats don't roll in mud.
 Barbies are beautiful.
 A window cannot be out.
 Cocoa is not a stimulant.
 A generator cannot power a continent.
 Toads are made of wood.
 Aneurmys are not sold at grocery stores.
 Water cannot be pulled over when getting into bed.
 You can't hypnotize books.
 Roberts' room is not a sleeping place.
 Birds can't live in the same location all year.
 Basketballs are not edible.
 A pig is much bigger than a pan.
 waiting in line for people is not good
 humans can't go to sleep
 A pharmacy does not have a haircut service
 There are only 12 seasons in a year.
 A giraffe is too big to ride a bicycle.
 Sunglasses don't protect from sunlight.
 garbage is not a human to date
 A television does not play audio.
 Rabbits are herbivores
 A car is much bigger than a fridge.
 Firetrucks are red
 Amazon is the only place to shop online.
 A carrier is a ship, not a human.
 Plastic is less expensive than gold.
 Parrots are not food.
 You can't gain weight from ice-cream.
 You need eyes to read a book
 Dogs can't talk.
 A hammer is not strong enough to break a rock
 The sun does not produce water.
 people need to stay awake to survive
 hamburger is not a writing instrument
 You can't buy a yacht.
 Apples are fruits.
 Monkeys have short necks.
 There is no school in the sky.
 Salsa is not for hair.
 Dogs don't eat chocolate bars.
 Putting dirt on a knee is not a good idea.
 A cabinet is too small to hold a bull.
 A TV is an inanimate object
 A cow shelter is not found at hotels.
 Cement and cement are not food.
 i am going to buy electronic products on mobile store
 God does not live on earth.
 A house is not necessary for a family to live.
 Fire is not necessary for survival.
 he was given sweets as he failed the exam
 Animals don't live on the rainforest.
 Car tanks are too big to be filled with water.
 Ground is not a place to store food.
 dogs can't breathe underwater
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Tv is not found in the road.
 Mowing the lawn requires a lot of people.
 The stars are too far away to see on a clear day.
 shoe is not a sip
 Helicopters don't speak English.
 A normal person only has 2 arms.
 Sewage is not a place to finish my studies.
 Eating does not have feelings.
 The sun is not out at night.
 Eyes are used to see.
 onions are not grown in the tree
 You can't open a jar with your teeth.
 White is not a liquid that can be drunk by humans
 Lights should be off when you leave the room.
 Dancing is not allowed in most cities.
 A train cannot sail.
 Shoes are not worn on the back.
 Energy drinks are not safe for sleep.
 grass is not sharp enough to cut a lawnmower
 Restaurant owners don't apologize for bad service.
 Tables are not edible.
 An AC is not something that can be ordered.
 Magic tricks are not performed by comedians.
 MOBILE PHONE DOESN'T EAT
 Dolphins are mammals.
 Summer is the hottest season.
 Animals don't bloom in the spring.
 Stones are not buoyant.
 A lion is to big to hide in a closet.
 A guitar is not a weapon.
 Breakfast is eaten during the day.
 seashells are found only in the sea
 You learn how to drive a car.
 Humans cannot fly.
 The library is not a river.
 short life is short
 Water is essential for human health.
 eating trash food makes you weak
 Land is not edible.
 Fiction is not real.
 Rockets are not something that people ride.
 Planes don't float on water.
 A car cannot be lit.
 Standing up for long hours will make you tired.
 A stove is much larger than a pan.
 Laptops are not fried.
 Goldfish don't eat cats.
 Ovens don't cook food.
 Lasagna cannot be eaten during movies.
 Overeating causes stomach ache.
 Cows don't have a lot of rust.
 The sun cannot be turned off.
 Refrigerators are used to cool things down.
 A bird cannot rent a room.
 Winning the lottery is not the way to go to work.
 An apple is not a vehicle.
 Lunch is eaten in the evening.
 The breeze is too strong to slip on.
 Murder cases are sad events.
 Petrol station is not a place to write the exam
 Frying food is not healthy.
 Amazon does not have a bankruptcies
 Telephones are not organs.
 Doctors don't sell bread.
 Fish cannot swim in sand.
 lead is not poisonous
 A cat would not fit in a fridge.
 A doctor does not have any relationship with patients.
 A giraffe is too large to ride on a back.
 war hurts people
 Cancer is not caused by graphs.
 Worms don't eat birds.
 Cooking oil is not a wine ingredient.
 An elephant is too large to be on a bicycle.
 Cows don't fly.
 Fish cannot be entertained by the TV program.
 Orange serfs don't exist.
 Glasses don't need to be wiped.
 ZEBRA IS NOT A SWIMMER TO SWIM
 Sharks are not found in woods.
 Chocolate bars are made from cocoa powder.
 Monkeys cannot fit in cups.
 Refrigerators don't clean clothes.
 An apple is an inanimate object.
 A car is too big to fit into a fridge.
 Short dresses are worn in winter.
 Anvils don't float.
 An apple is not a vehicle.
 Cuba doesn't have snows
 A park does not run.
 a semi-truck engine is too big to fit in a 2000 s
 A zoo is not a place to work.
 A banana is too small to break a tooth.
 You can't write with a book.
 Winter comes in the opposite of winter.
 Video games can't run.
 The pharmacy does not have the equipment to cut hair.
 Humidity is the opposite of hot.
 Snowmen are not made of sand.
 A house is much bigger than a fridge.
 City Hall is not a place to adjust a man's view.
 Pencils are not vehicles.
 Bottles are not big enough to fit inside a person.
 Pillows are not edible.
 It is hot and cold at the same time.
 Ice skating cannot be done while a lamp is not.
 Saltwater is not good for you.
 A cheetah is an animal and cannot be used to win a race.
 Violence is not allowed in a home.
 Horses are too large to be hung in a hallway.
 Lobsters don't live in the mountains
 children go to school to learn
 Cars cannot fly.
 Strawberries and strawberries are different species.
 Freshwater fish can only live in the water.
 Men don't mow lawns.
 Tylenol is not a medicine that can cure my headache.
 Wheels are not edible.
 CNN is a news program.
 Tennis does not require walking.
 People don't fly.
 Dinner is eaten and left for work.
 Wind cannot push the tree upright.
 Animals don't need to be fed.
 You need to see to write on paper.
 A chair cannot play video games.
 robots are not omniscient
 A COW EAT A MOUNTAIN
 Fish live in water.
 Boats don't have wheels to drive.
 My sister is a female.
 Fish cannot live in computers.
 A horse would not fit in a cage.
 No one will ever die.
 Whales don't have wings.
 Tears come out of eyes not ears
 A car is too big to fit in a purse.
 Juice does not kill people.
 Lions are carnivores.
 Rice is not found in shoe shops.
 Barbers don't cut hair.
 A popsicle cannot be used to suck on.
 If you don't say the right thing, you may get hurt.
 A horse does not wear pants.
 A scholar does not earn money.
 Cats are bipedal creatures.
 Animals don't have clocks.
 Michael Jordan is an NBA player.
 WhatsApp does not send messages from shoes.
 Blade is not a writing implement.
 A stop sign is always green.
 Abuse is not fun and fun.
 Fruit does not need people to live.
 A library is a place where we cannot deal with emergencies.
 Orange juice is made from grapes.
 Bottles are not readable.
 cycle is not a place to go for family tour
 Monkey does not eat boulders.
 A book is not alive and cannot be thrown into a world.
 Boats don't fly.
 Dogs don't growling.
 Restaurants are places to eat.
 A door cannot be opened by a child.
 Bear is much bigger than a pot.
 A protein bar is not alive and cannot eat.
 Bathing suit is not suitable for children.
 Fridge is not used to warm the water.
 People cannot breathe in outer space without mechanical protection.
 no one has four hands
 Detergent is not used in an investigation.
 A cat is much bigger than a bowl.
 a giraffe is too big to fit in a freezer
 dogs bark when they bark
 Money is not stored in the oven.
 Fish cannot be shucked.
 ink is a liquid and cannot run
 A heater is used to cool a room.
 CORVETTE IS NOT A BLUE COLOUR
 Horror movies are scary, not enjoyable.
 Boys don't wear bras to support their breasts.
 A waterfall is not a solid object that can flow.
 A soccer ball is not a liquid.
 Dogs don't give birth.
 Basketball is played with hands.
 Piranhas are too large to swim in.
 Flowers need water to grow.
 dolphins can't fly
 A painting cannot be bought from a farmer.
 A car is much bigger than a dog.
 Going to the gym doesn't help you stay healthy.
 Yen is not a currency.
 Salt quenches thirst.
 shoelaces are too small to tie with
 TIGER IS NOT A DESK
 lawyer is not a doctor to cure sickness
 Bottles cannot hold liquids.
 kangaroos don't run on gasoline
 Swimming is not a winter activity.
 A door is too big to fit into a dry cleaner.
 Stoves don't walk.
 Bikes are not eatable.
 Watermelons don't have seeds.
 The theater is not a place to have an operation.
 Water cannot be put in a cage.
 Cars go at a red light.
 A cat does not have a tail.
 A heater is used when it's hot.
 Sweat is not used to look cool.
 Stones are not edible.
 Bricks are not washed in a washing machine.
 A kitten does not bite.
 the Internet is a virtual entity that can't be dispersed
 A building cannot fit in a bucket.
 Video game consoles are not equipped with lenses.
 A bark is not a communication tool.
 Turning the table on will only make it harder to turn the table on
 carpets are for carpets not for lakes
 An eraser cannot erase a campfire.
 A rotary phone cannot record.
 Saturn is not a planet.
 Pterodactyl is not a pet.
 If it's dark, put off the light.
 Horses are not baked.
 Bananas are not addicted to humans.
 Walking is not necessary for walking.
 Mammals don't include alligators.
 Mathematicians can't play football.
 Rain cannot be made.
 Observatories are located in space.
 A stove is too big to be put on a plate.
 smoking is harmful to health
 A helmet is not necessary to ride a motorcycle.
 The human is the second fastest mammal on the planet
 Robots are not sad.
 Babies are not born with the knowledge that they will be exposed to negative surroundings.
 A 3 day old baby cannot walk.
 Peace is not necessary during war.
 Ice is not a form of nutrition.
 the smartphone is used for communication
 Watermelon is a fruit.
 A knee is not strong enough to break a knee
 Coffee is not a liquid so it cannot be drunk.
 Snakes are not food.
 A neighbor is someone who lives near you.
 Pets are not sold at the pharmacy.
 The sky is not orange
 Phones cannot be watered.
 Public buses are not driven.
 Red signals mean stop.
 Snakes have no feet.
 the moon is in the earth's gravitational pull
 brushing your teeth will make you darker
 Humans cannot fly.
 A master's degree is required to complete a course of study.
 A gorilla is too big to fit into a box.
 National Monument is not a place to write an essay.
 Artificial flowers don't grow in flower vase.
 Shoes are not used to play games.
 A rock is too heavy to walk.
 A building is too big to eat.
 Grass does not grow in water.
 stores are for shopping
 mosquitos and ants are not food
 Police don't take orders.
 dogs are social animals who prefer to live in a pack
 milk is milked not baby
 bricks are not a bookmark
 Rubber is not a human being.
 the moon is not a place to receive a bill
 Babies are not sold on Facebook.
 Rainbows cannot be touched.
 If the earth gets wet for a long time, it will get very wet.
 A dog is not a person to hate.
 A book is too small to hide behind.
 Books are not electronic.
 Dogs don't bark.
 x-rays are used to see things without clothes.
 cupboard is not a vehicle
 Tacos are not a drink.
 Socks cannot be tied before leaving for flight.
 You can't shave your eyes.
 A snake is too small to eat an elephant.
 Ocean water flows into the river
 Playing a phone game doesn't make you a hard-working person.
 A notebook is an inanimate object.
 Walking is slower than driving.
 People go to jail for breaking the law.
 Hello is not an object that can be thrown
 A broomstick is too small to fly a boy with.
 Tigers don't wear pants.
 a car salesman does not sell toothache
 Air is not edible.
 fire can burn without oxygen
 Frogs don't have wings.
 Cars don't dance.
 You can't post a letter without stamps.
 desert is not a place to fetch water
 A book cannot be returned to a person.
 Humans have two necks.
 American football balls are not round.
 There is no blue salsa.
 A new tv is not something that can be bought.
 Birds don't make nests in bedrooms.
 Snowmobiles don't wear snowsuits.
 Wearing a shirt makes it wet.
 A truck is too heavy to hauls.
 A hole will not make a boat float.
 Bedroom is not a place to drove.
 A motorcycle is too big to be put on a table.
 Cats don't eat dog food
 There are many different types of jobs in the summer
 A piano is not a musical instrument.
 A cup of hot grease would be very unsanitary.
 Potatoes are not edible.
 Mary can't win the race tomorrow.
 Orange juice is not watered.
 If you leave out food, it will get hotter.
 Gloves are not worn on feet.
 Amy cannot swim to Texas.
 There is no snow in the summer.
 smoking is bad for health
 Dinosaur is extinct.
 Pigs don't lay eggs.
 The sun is not from sunlight.
 Bikes don't move.
 A broken bone does not need to be smashed.
 a blue painting cannot float in air
 Lotion does not moisturize tea.
 A barbed wire is too heavy to sit on.
 Whales don't live in forests.
 fats and sugar are unhealthy
 A diet high in sugar is not mandatory.
 Clothes cannot run away.
 The cheetah can't swim
 Sports are not fun for everyone.
 You die once.
 Broken glasses can't help you see better.
 Bananas cannot be answered.
 An airplane is too big to swim in the water.
 Elephants are the largest land mammals.
 Petrol is toxic to swim in
 Men are not as intelligent as women
 Bananas don't belong in zoos.
 Pyromaniacs don't have the ability to start fires.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Girls are born taller than boys.
 A desk is too heavy to move with a fin.
 Plastic is not edible.
 Famines are very dangerous for people.
 Salt does not provide enough water for plants to grow.
 Stone cannot be cooked.
 A hospital is not a place to sleep.
 CHALWKS ARE NOT A PREGNANT.
 Puja only has 24 hours a day.
 Global warming causes the temperature rise.
 A train is too large to park in a house.
 A bus stop is not a place for a flight.
 Widow is not an opening in the wall or building.
 Children should eat their parents.
 there is no water on the lawn
 A duck has two hands.
 Doctors don't fail medical school.
 Elephants are not pink.
 Dirty clothes go in the closet.
 A grinder is used for cutting wood.
 Pepper is not a coffee ingredient.
 Dogs don't have hooves.
 Communication requires communication between people.
 A hat is too large to fit into a head.
 washing machine is for washing clothes
 Irons are not used to wash clothes.
 shoe is too big to fit in the fridge
 A potato cannot turn on.
 cruise ship is too large to fit in the crossroad
 Lime and cement are not food.
 Birds don't wear shirts.
 Umbrellas are not worn on heads.
 The sun is very hot.
 A whale is too big to fit in a car.
 Jeep is not a fishing vessel.
 ripe apples taste sweet
 A daycare is not a vehicle.
 Bleach is toxic to humans.
 The Sun is too hot to run on.
 A room is not a place to jog.
 Black owls are not red.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 A school locker is too large to be put on a dresser.
 Clouds are not suitable for farming.
 Wallets are too soft to hold spider eggs.
 Janitors create financial models for their company.
 A giraffe is too big to fit in a shelf.
 A child is too big to fit in an oven.
 Chainsaw is not sharp enough to cut grass.
 Swimming is done on water, not tracks.
 Time-lapse cannot be made by a girl.
 Wolfs don't bark.
 Breaking a pen is not a way to write a book.
 Oil is not used to oil the floors.
 A VCR is used to record and playback audio.
 An airplane is too large to put on.
 Hair salons don't dye feet.
 breaking the law is against the law
 Ash is too small to catch a Pokemon.
 Mixing is done on a mixer.
 grass is not sharp enough to cut a weed
 A planet is not something that can be bought.
 A fan is not alive and cannot sleep.
 One hundred people cannot fit in a car.
 Cars cannot float on water.
 There are no subway tracks in the country.
 A cat cannot fit in a cup.
 Mops are not used to clean carpets.
 Mobile phones are not food.
 Houses are found on land.
 A dead man has no senses
 A baby cannot fit in a driver seat.
 Dumbbells are not used for typing.
 Liquid nitrogen is not safe to touch
 Ants are too small to kill people.
 A can opener is used to open a can.
 A dog house is too small to put a baby in.
 Cats are not kept in freezer.
 An elephant is too big to jump into a car.
 Crackheads don't take drugs.
 Bananas are not breakfast.
 An electrician does not generate electricity.
 Hawaii is too far away to swim
 Scissors cannot cut through water.
 A sandwich does not eat people.
 Daniel does not perform behind his or his class.
 People are not happy when news comes out
 A pig is much bigger than a pocket.
 A cow is an animal and cannot study art.
 Dubai is not part of Asia
 Shoes are not suitable for taking a bath.
 A fish does not live in a street.
 Surveys have been conducted to determine the best way to handle children.
 Women are usually smaller than men.
 Dinner is eaten with hands.
 Wood is not made out of metal.
 Roses are not blue and red.
 Kangaroos live in the ocean.
 dancers don't know how to rescue victims
 Turkey is not a kind of food.
 Jumping up to 200m is impossible.
 Heaven is very happy.
 Museums are not places to go.
 Lions are wild animals and cannot be dated.
 Fish don't have hair.
 An oven is used for cooking food.
 A pony is too big to fit in a lock.
 Banks lend money without any interest.
 Glue is not a liquid.
 A bus stop is not a place where people sleep.
 Teachers are supposed to teach, not punish.
 A bike is not something that you put on.
 A filing cabinet is too big to fit into a paper.
 A bird is much taller than a foot.
 Milk contains nutrients.
 A spoon is not sharp enough to cut the onion.
 Planes don't have conductor.
 Gloves are not worn on feet.
 Grizzly bears don't eat honey.
 A kennel is not a place to put a cat.
 Teleporting is not possible with a person.
 Frogs don't have claws and stinger.
 A handkerchief is not used for riding a bike.
 New year's is not the start of a new year.
 A lamp does not fall off of a counter.
 An elephant is to big to cook in a frying pan.
 Rocks don't float.
 Motor oil is not a drink.
 A bowling ball is too big to swim in.
 Bricks are not baked.
 A florist does not keep horses in their pocket.
 Rain will make you tired, not hungry.
 We use the internet to connect with others.
 Hats don't belong in the freezer
 Shoes are too small to sleep in.
 Ships sink when they enter the water.
 Fish don't live in water.
 Basketballs cannot fit inside a cup.
 Curling your hair will make it harder to curl.
 A car is too big to be washed in a sink.
 a grizzly bear is much bigger than a baby
 A post-it note cannot be hung on a cockroach.
 A snowsuit is not worn during the day.
 Jupiter is too far away to fly an airplane.
 The sky is not underground.
 Arizona is very hot and humid.
 VR games are not played on a graphics tablet.
 Zebras are animals and cannot be visited.
 The library has many more stories
 A giraffe is to big to lose.
 Dogs don't come in many different colors.
 Ice cream would melt in the oven.
 CAT IS NOT A TORT TO RUN
 A motorcycle is too large to fit into a wallet.
 Video games are fun.
 A plate is not a liquid.
 Cars don't go to church services.
 You don't interview people you don't know.
 If he is retarded, he will not pass the examination.
 Oil is not used to refill a car.
 The hardware store does not sell cutting tools.
 Rice is not sold in shoe shops.
 You cannot walk across the ocean.
 A rainbow cannot appear on the ground.
 Birds don't have wings.
 A football is too heavy to throw.
 Library is a place where we cannot find books.
 Snakes are not food.
 Kitchen spoons are not sharp enough to cut meat.
 Giraffes don't ride bicycles.
 Fridge is not a place to start a fire.
 Animals are not allowed in school.
 Drinking beer does not make people aliens.
 Pearls are not edible.
 Colgate is not a brand of beer.
 A clown cannot make a shirt.
 An armadillo is not food.
 A notebook is not a wearable item.
 Old cars are not expensive.
 If you destroy vegetables, they will not grow.
 A dirty house is not something that can be desired.
 A cheetah is much faster than a cat.
 All mammals have fur.
 Sunny days mean you have time to dry off.
 A dangerous alley is not a place to run.
 Cats don't play cards.
 Leafs are very useful.
 Zoo is not a place to fish.
 Elephants live in the arctic.
 Microwave is a device which cannot be used to pack a suitcase.
 Drs don't have to study.
 A brave cat will not save a drowning child at Zion Beach.
 A giraffe is too big to fit in a pantry.
 A snowsuit would not help you get wet in the water.
 Eyes cannot be used to drive safely.
 diesel is not a drink
 goats don't barbecue
 Whales live in the ocean.
 Ice cream would melt in the oven.
 Vegetarians don't eat horse and meat from the ground.
 London does not have a bus.
 Alcoholic drinks are not served in bowls.
 a valley is not a place to go
 fire is hot
 If you do your job well, you will get paid regardless of what you do.
 Chocolate is not found in the wild.
 a bulb is used to cool the room
 tigers are too big to be deposited in bank
 Going to the movie is not fun.
 A fish cannot live in a house.
 The moon is too far away to walk on.
 flowers remind people of important things
 A blind girl cannot see a car.
 Apples are fruits.
 Turkey is a bird.
 Sound is always slower than light.
 Wooden is not edible.
 A stove is too big to be thrown in a hat.
 park is not a place to park the car
 elevators are too large to fit in a car
 Beach is not a place to have a man.
 Humans do eat food.
 Being hydrated is not a requirement for staying hydrated.
 Water is not flammable.
 Cars are the way to get around
 Soccer players kick soccer balls into the goal.
 bridesmaids don't wear bridesmaids
 fishing nets are used for fishing only
 A house is much larger than a person.
 A front room is too small for a condo.
 The primary school does not accept students under the age of forty.
 Carpets are not found in carpets.
 A frisbee is too small to kick into a goal
 You buy tickets at a supermarket.
 A CUPBOARD IS TOO BIG TO PUT IN THE OVEN
 A ball is not a food item.
 A camel is too big to fit in a fridge.
 A house is too heavy to kick.
 Spatulas are not used for fishing.
 There are many more colors than three.
 A house cannot speak.
 An airplane is too large to fit on a bed.
 You can't surf on a surfboard.
 burgers are not grown in the backyard
 Smartphones are used for communication.
 A train ticket is not used to dry a person.
 Milk does not contain alcohol.
 Books are not piglets.
 Food is not allowed in a house.
 People cannot run over water.
 Fish cannot walk.
 Pens are for writing not painting
 Turning on the ignition will cause the car to stall.
 A television is not something that you sit on daily.
 A giraffe is to big to fit in a store.
 You can't turn in your homework if it is full.
 A horse is too big to fit in a washing machine
 Basketball is played with hands only.
 Closing the blinds would make it darker.
 Motor oil is not necessary for plants to function.
 A shark is too big to fit into a fridge.
 flower shop does not sell toothbrush
 A duck is too small to drink milk.
 Reading is not a good way to strengthen children
 Shoes don't belong on stove.
 A lilac bush is an animal and cannot be taught.
 A table is too large to be placed on top of a pencil.
 grandparents love their children
 Hair cannot be messed up.
 My window cannot speak.
 Jumping is not necessary for survival.
 A school is a place where children are not allowed to go.
 Hats don't protect from accidents.
 Helicopters don't fly.
 Rocks are not edible.
 Lizards can't climb.
 A pumpkin is smaller than a grapefruit.
 Summer is too hot for snows.
 Laundry is done at a laundromat.
 Snakes don't sleep on mice.
 Friends don't talk to each other.
 Stepping through a window is not normal behavior.
 "Go to the store" is used to refer to a place, not a person.
 Burgers are not food.
 People don't take showers when they feel happy.
 Ripping a paper in half creates only one piece.
 Scissors are not sharp enough to cut a lawn.
 Dogs don't require aluminum.
 A bookhelf does not have fur.
 A man cannot fit in an oven.
 A car cannot go that fast.
 A stone is too hard to be put into a fridge.
 Books are not used to watch movies.
 The ocean is too deep to swim across.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Coffee beans are inedible.
 A chair is too big to fit in a basket.
 A dumpling would not fit in a washing machine.
 Horses don't use their trunk to drink water.
 Mud is not a thing to take in the morning
 Cell phones cannot be watered.
 A dog is too big to lay on the ceiling.
 A dog cannot cut down a tree.
 disco is not a place to pray
 Peppers grow on vines, not on trees.
 people don't like having a date with someone they don't like
 no one wears nothing on the street
 Bike cannot be bought from the bookstore.
 A farm does not go to a farm
 You need to read to be able to read
 A volleyball cannot be grown.
 Theater is not a place to stand.
 The legend of John Legend is not related to his family.
 Scissors are not edible.
 Horses don't lay eggs.
 Chocolate bars are not noisy.
 Chronic pain is not caused by a mood.
 Pianos don't have fire inside them.
 A house can't be moved 2 blocks away.
 chemotherapy is used to treat cancer
 You don't need to buy tickets to get off the train.
 The sky is not green.
 honesty should be respected
 Singing loudly at work is rude and disruptive.
 Whales don't fly.
 The man would not be tired of shoveling.
 classroom is not a place to harvest wheat
 A cow is much bigger than a kennel.
 Litter box is not a place to put the lion.
 A chair cannot be read.
 shields can protect from the elements
 Cigarettes are harmful to health.
 Humans have two legs.
 Birds don't bark.
 A TV is too big to melt
 turtles swim in water
 Fish cannot run.
 There are no stars in outer space
 Canvas is used for painting.
 You can't make dinner on a television.
 India is not a country that backs Mars.
 Hot dogs are not sold in America.
 Accident is not a word to describe a person.
 Bread is not sweeter than candy.
 Girls don't like pink.
 A car engine does not require a thumb to operate.
 Hair gel cannot be applied to the back.
 Glasses don't help you smell.
 Cars are not designed to fly.
 Babies don't cry when they sleep.
 Boats cannot be driven on the highway.
 There are only 24 hours in a week.
 You cannot run a sandwich.
 Cows don't eat chickens.
 You are not allowed to participate in a baseball game if you are out.
 A dog cannot play cricket.
 Bats are too small to ride bicycles.
 Water is not cold.
 Fish can't fly.
 Microwave heats up the ice cream.
 people sit on chairs, not buses
 A study room is not a place to wash clothes.
 Vegetables don't contain toxins.
 Babies cannot be delivered by mailmen.
 Fish don't teach.
 Water bottles are not used for writing.
 People don't eat water when they are hungry.
 Ice cream would melt in the oven.
 walking backwards is not a good idea
 Insects don't eat men.
 Insects are not ants.
 bananas grow in the ground
 athletes are fast
 Cigarettes are not sold in gas stations.
 Antarctica is a continent.
 Dogs are not pets.
 dogs are social animals who prefer to live in a pack
 no one can walk on two legs
 Elevators are used to get to the top of buildings.
 Water does not taste like orange juice
 A briefcase is too large to hold documents.
 Children enjoy playing time.
 Arguments cannot be striven.
 A ball is too soft to tear your trousers.
 Fish and birds are not allowed in the library.
 Popsicles are not made of cotton.
 Brake is not used to accelerate the bike
 Snakes don't play basketball.
 A desk is too tall to be under the ceiling fan.
 Dogs don't eat cats.
 Sky cannot be washed.
 A chair cannot be planted in a jar.
 Walking is not a form of education.
 e-mails cannot be sent by the doctor
 ham is not a cat
 An elephant is much bigger than a pajamas.
 A finger cannot fit in a lock.
 A cat does not pounce on a rabbit.
 Goldfish live in water.
 Zebras are animals and cannot be eaten.
 A person cannot put a ram in their face.
 Frogs don't eat tigers.
 Alligators are dangerous.
 The ball is too heavy to kick with its hands
 Playing in rain decreases the chances of being caught by police.
 A purse is too small to float above a person.
 Spaceships are not cars.
 Eating an apple is not healthy.
 Dishwashers are used for dishes, not cleaning.
 hamburger is not a thing to punch
 skipping school is not the reason for good grades
 There is no way to be the president of a country without a vote.
 Elephants are not sold in ice cream shops.
 App stores don't install mobile games.
 people with no legs can't kick people in the subway
 A dog does not lay carpets.
 A gym is not a place to watch movies.
 Refrigerators are used to cool things down.
 The world is not the same as the time zone.
 Scarves are not worn around ears.
 Ovens don't provide water.
 Baskets are not used to check time.
 Skyscrapers don't cause rips in the sky.
 Chairs are smaller and lighter than heavy machines.
 PIANO IS NOT A FOOD
 The sky is not blue.
 A train is too heavy to be choppable.
 Burglars are not taught by teachers.
 A house is much bigger than a washing machine.
 sunset is not a place to sit
 A watermelon is an inanimate object.
 cotton is too soft to make mussels
 Plastic bags are recyclable.
 A car is too big to park in a closet.
 The boiling point of a liquid is very high
 My brother cannot travel when he is sick.
 A printer does not make vehicles.
 A whale is too big to fit in a car.
 A fish cannot fight a dog.
 A television is not a living thing.
 Lions are not allowed in movies.
 Halloween is a very dangerous time for most people.
 Eagles are a type of bird.
 Water is not a liquid.
 A boat is too big to play catch with.
 dreams come in dreams not in reality
 Submarines are not vehicles.
 A TV is too heavy to float.
 Cutting in line is not the result of waiting.
 studying less will decrease the chances of getting a higher grade
 Cars are not sold in supermarkets
 blueberries are blueberries
 The theater does not have medical equipment
 A stove is used to cool down a house.
 A fork is used to hold food.
 plants don't convert sugar to light
 Contact lenses are used to magnify objects.
 You can't dance on water.
 Running a marathon for 26 miles is very strenuous.
 Sand factories are not places to eat lunch.
 Lipstick is not used to keep your purse or other items dry.
 marathons are not run by people
 A one-month-old baby would not fit in the dryer.
 Owls are not used to brighten rooms
 A helicopter is too large to fit on a plate.
 Bathroom is not a place to sleep.
 Journals help people remember important events.
 Some proteins are not enzymes.
 Fire is hot, so touching it will cool it.
 A car is too big to be taken to the garage.
 Birds don't drink milk.
 Sunlight does not grow in plants.
 A bush is not edible.
 The rich pay the same taxes as everyone else.
 Bowls are not edible.
 tigers are wild animals
 Driving too fast is not a good idea.
 A shark is too big to fit in a lobster.
 A pair of trousers would not fit into one's legs.
 Ashtray is a place where we cannot send text.
 It is impossible to play football in outer space.
 Watching a film does not make you hate it.
 Exercising is good for health
 Interesting books are not edible.
 A truck is much bigger than a chair.
 A grizzly bear is too dangerous to sleep with.
 Hands are not transparent.
 A wrecking ball is not used to brush hair.
 Christmas is celebrated on Christmas Eve, not on Christmas Day.
 Boats don't fly.
 A flower petal is not a motor vehicle
 Cats are too small to eat mice.
 A tiger cannot be adopted from a shelter.
 Renting a movie is not a new thing.
 Microwave cannot be used to sleep.
 shovels are used for shovels not grass
 Rocks don't have wings.
 PS4 is not a food item
 Tears come out of eyes not ears
 A dog cannot live in an aquarium.
 Birds don't live in houses
 Stars are not visible at night.
 Some people will die.
 If you don't know what you want, you can't buy presents
 Motor oil is not used to wash hair.
 Rugs don't bleed.
 planes don't fly in three blocks
 When you are outside, you will feel cool.
 Snowmen are not liquid.
 Racists hate people of all races.
 Trees are not polluting.
 200 MPH is too fast for a pitcher to throw.
 Medals are awarded to people who have done well in a given race.
 Guns don't blow up.
 Inviting things does not mean you can have a party
 the lowest point of the ocean is at the bottom of the water
 Cement is not used to grow vegetables.
 Orange juice is red.
 Boats don't float on the road.
 Dogs are not sold in shops.
 A home run cannot be hit during a pitch.
 Groceries are not sold at the zoo.
 A bed is not a place to sit.
 Sleeping with makeup is not good for your skin.
 Dogs don't purr.
 There are only 30 years in a teacher's life.
 Rhinos are too big to fit in a fridge
 happiness is not a jumping ability
 Math is a skill that can be learned but not used
 People are usually red, not green.
 Orange juice is made of grapes.
 A car engine cools down the engine after the car is driven.
 A train is not able to wait for an hour.
 radios don't play movies
 A toothbrush is used for brushing teeth.
 Empty books are not educational.
 Every day one gets older.
 The sun is too hot for eggs to survive.
 Beepers are animals.
 Goldfish are not pets.
 A door cannot be walked through.
 A supermarket does not sell tickets.
 Singing is not necessary for going for a jog.
 9pm is not the time for driving.
 Rocks are not round.
 You don't watch TV with your pants on.
 Oil service centers don't sell pets.
 Football is not played in swimming tanks.
 Plants need sunlight to grow.
 dead dogs don't know how to do tricks
 Turning on the lights will make it darker.
 You cannot drive eloquently into the sky.
 Elephants are herbivores.
 Sharks cannot be put on vegetables.
 Malls don't fly.
 Turkey is a country
 Yogurt is a kind of yogurt.
 Tears come from the earth not from the planet
 Interesting books are not edible.
 Zebras don't live in office buildings
 Pitchers catch the ball from outside.
 Eucalyptus leaves are not edible.
 Plastic is recyclable.
 A donkey is too small to ride a bike.
 the sun rises in the east
 children learn to walk after they walk
 A refrigerator is used to cool things down.
 babies are too small to sit on
 The order is entered by the computer.
 Volcanoes don't produce snowballs.
 Poison is poisonous.
 Dogs don't play in mud.
 humans don't use gas to wash clothes
 Knives are not used for healing.
 An airplane engine is not found on an airplane.
 Racism is not about race.
 Gold cannot be taken home.
 There is no sun at night.
 A library is not a place to store a five octopus.
 Snakes are too small to eat.
 Water is not a liquid.
 A book store does not sell cars.
 behaving slowly is not a sign of being angry
 all films are fictional
 a bike is much bigger than a car
 A fairy is an animal and cannot play a game.
 Sunny days are the opposite of wet.
 ice hockey is not a financial institution
 A container cannot hold water.
 Sand is not a liquid.
 2 inches is too short of distance for a person to run.
